ceph: support ephemeral volumes with Ceph CSI RBD and CephFS driver (#9055)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-csi-drivers.md

2. Enable the volume replication controller:
   - For Helm deployments see the [csi.volumeReplication.enabled setting](helm-operator.md#configuration).
   - For non-Helm deployments set `CSI_ENABLE_VOLUME_REPLICATION: "true"` in operator.yaml

> ## generic ephemeral volume support

Reviewer: How about this simple title, then the details about generic support are in the description.
```suggestion
## Ephemeral Volumes
```

The generic ephemeral volume feature adds support for specifying PVCs in the
`volumes` field to indicate a user would like to create a Volume as part of the pod spec.

> This feature requires the GenericEphemeralVolume feature gate to be enabled.

Reviewer: Since it's beta now, how about we just say 1.21 or greater is required? If they want to know more about enabling the feature gate, they can find that detail in the k8s doc link at the end of this section.
```suggestion
```

> Because this is a beta feature, it is enabled by default in kubernetes versions >=1.21.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes version 1.21 or greater is required.
```

For example:

```yaml

> kind: Pod

Reviewer: Instead of the entire example here in the doc, how about just showing the volumes for simplicity of the doc? Then we can provide links to the examples for rbd and cephs.
```yaml
kind: Pod
apiVersion: v1
...
  volumes:
    - name: mypvc
      ephemeral:
        volumeClaimTemplate:
          spec:
            accessModes: ["ReadWriteOnce"]
            storageClassName: "rook-ceph-block"
            resources:
              requests:
                storage: 1Gi
```

Author: sure.

apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: csi-rbd-demo-ephemeral-pod
spec:
  containers:
    - name: web-server
      image: docker.io/library/nginx:latest
      volumeMounts:
        - mountPath: "/myspace"
          name: mypvc
  volumes:
    - name: mypvc
      ephemeral:
        volumeClaimTemplate:
          spec:
            accessModes: ["ReadWriteOnce"]
            storageClassName: "rook-ceph-block"
            resources:
              requests:
                storage: 1Gi
```

A volume claim template is defined inside the pod spec which refers to a volume
provisioned and used by the pod with its lifecycle. The volumes are provisioned
when pod get spawned and destroyed at time of pod delete.

> 

Reviewer: For links, how about this? The links are generated automatically by the website based on the release docs version.
```
See the example manifests for an [RBD ephemeral volume](https://github.com/rook/rook/tree/{{ branchName }}/cluster/examples/kubernetes/ceph/csi/rbd/pod-ephemeral.yaml)
and a [CephFS ephemeral volume](https://github.com/rook/rook/tree/{{ branchName }}/cluster/examples/kubernetes/ceph/csi/cephfs/pod-ephemeral.yaml).
```

For these links to work, you'll also need to include this snippet at the top of this doc, as seen in other rook docs:
```
{% include_relative branch.liquid %}
```

Author: better I removed this line completely

Refer to [ephemeral-doc]( https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/ephemeral-volumes/#generic-ephemeral-volumes )
for more info.

### Prerequisites
1. Requires Kubernetes v1.21+ which supports ephemeral volume.

> 2. In [pod-ephemeral](https://github.com/rook/rook/tree/{{ branchName }}/cluster/examples/kubernetes/ceph/csi/rbd/pod-ephemeral.yaml),

Reviewer: Maybe this comment isn't necessary anymore if we're linking to both the rbd and cephfs examples?
